Lazydocs: API Reference doc refresh (#1424)
wandb/docs: content/en/guides/models/track/log/log-models.md

Optionally provide a name for the model artifact for the `name` parameter. If `name` is not specified, W&B will use the basename of the input path prepended with the run ID as the name. 

{{% alert %}}

> Keep track of the `name` that you, or W&B assigns, to the model. You will need the name of the model to retrieve the model path with the [`use_model`]({{< relref "/ref/python/sdk/classes/run#use_model" >}}) method. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keep track of the model's `name`, whether you set it explicitly or W&B assigns it automatically. You use the name of the model to retrieve the model path with the [`use_model`]({{< relref "/ref/python/sdk/classes/run#use_model" >}}) method. 
```

{{% /alert %}}

> See [`log_model`]({{< relref "/ref/python/sdk/classes/run#log_model" >}}) in the API Reference guide for more information on possible parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [`log_model`]({{< relref "/ref/python/sdk/classes/run#log_model" >}}) in the API reference guide for details.
```
